CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA PR ... AMBULA We, people of the
United States, with a view to forming a more perfect Union, to establish
justice, to uphold internal peace, to provide for the common defense, to
develop the general welfare and to ensure the benefits of the freedom of "us"
and "our post"; Let us create this constitution for the United States of
America. ARTICLE 1 Section 1. All the legislative powers granted by this
Constitution shall be allocated to a United States Congress, which shall
consist of a Senate and a House of Representatives. tives. Section 2. The House
of Representatives shall be composed of members chosen every two years by the
people of the different States; in each State, the readers will have to meet
the conditions required to be the reader of the most numerous assembly in the
State's legislature. No one will be able to be representative if he has not
reached the age of twenty-five, if he has not been an American citizen for
seven years and if he does not reside at the time of his the election, in the
state where it is to be read. Representatives and direct taxes shall be
distributed among the different States which may form part of this Union, in
proportion to the number of their inhabitants, which shall be determined by
adding to the total number of free persons, including those which have been
rented for a given number of years, but excluding the non-subject Indians,
three-fifths of all other persons. The census will be carried out within three
years after the first Congressional meeting, and every ten years thereafter, in
the manner to be determined by law. The number of representatives shall not
exceed one per thirty thousand inhabitants, but each State shall have at least
one representative: until the census is carried out, the State of New Hampshire
shall have right <three representatives, Massachusetts <eight, the state of
Rhode Island and the Providence Plantations <one, Connecticut <five, the state
of New York <six, New Jersey <four, Pennsylvania <Eight, Delaware <one,
Maryland <six, Virginia <ten, North Carolina <five, South Carolina <five, and G
"orgy <three. When vacancies occur in the representation of a State, the
executive power of that State shall cause elections to be made. The House of
Representatives will choose its President and the other members of its office,
and it alone will have the power of impeachment before the Senate. Section 3.
The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two senators for each
State, chosen for six years by the legislature of each, and each senator shall
have one vote. As soon as they are reunited after the first election, the
senators will be divided as much as possible into three groups. The seats of
the first group will be declared vacant at the end of the second year, those in
the second group at the end of the fourth year, and those in the second group
at the end of the fourth year. third group <the expiration of the sixth year,
so that one-third can be renewed every two years; and if vacancies occur, by
mission or otherwise, outside the legislative sessions of a State, the
executive power of that State may make such appointments up to the time "Next
union of the legislature, who will then provide" these holidays.
No one will be able to be a senator if he has not reached the age of thirty, if
he has not been a United States citizen for nine years and if he does not live,
at the moment of the election, in the State for which it is read. The
vice-president of the United States will be president of the Senate, but will
not have the right to vote, less than the same number of votes in the Senate.
The Senate will select the other members of its office, as well as a temporary
president, in case of absence of the vice-president of the United States, or
when he will be called "<to exercise the functions President of the United
States. The Senate alone will have the power to try the persons indicted by the
House of Representatives. When this effect occurs, the senators will take an
oath or make a solemn declaration. In case of judgment of the President of the
United States, the President of the Supreme Court shall preside. No one shall
be found guilty except by a vote of two-thirds of the members present.
Convictions pronounced in case of impeachment may not exceed the dismissal and
prohibition of any position of trust or any other function of honor or office
of the United States. ; but the convicted party will nevertheless be
responsible and subject to prosecution, trial, judgment and conviction under
ordinary law. Section 4. The time, place and procedure of elections of senators
and representatives shall be determined in each State by the law of that State;
Congress may, however, at any time determine or amend by law the rules of the
elections, with the exception of those relating to the place of elections of
senators. Congress will meet at least once a year, on the first Monday of
December, unless, by law, it fixes a different day. Section 5. Each House shall
be a judge of the election of its members, the number of votes they have
obtained and their "eligibility"; the majority in each Chamber will be
necessary for the liberations to be valid; but a lower number may adjourn the
meeting from day to day and may be permitted to require the presence of members
absent by such means and under such penalties as the House may decide. Each
House may "establish its by-law, take sanctions against its members for conduct
contrary to good order, and a majority of two-thirds, order the expulsion of
one of them. Each Chamber shall keep a record of its debates and publish it at
a later date, with the exception of the parties which appear to him to be in
secret; votes for and votes against members of each House on any question
shall, at the request of one-fifth of the members present, be recorded in the
minutes. Neither House may, during a session of the Congress and without the
consent of the other House, adjourn for more than three days, or move to any
place other than where the two Houses are sitting. Section 6. The sisters and
representatives shall receive an indemnity to be fixed by law and paid by the
Treasurer of the United States. In no case other than those of treason, crime
or breach of public peace, may they be arrested during their participation in
the sessions of their Chamber, or when they go to a session of this House or
will come back; they can not be worried in any place for their speeches or
discussions in any of the Chambers. No senator or representative may, during
the period for which he has been elected, be appointed "a civil function under
the authority of the United States, who would have been "Cr" 3 e or whose
treatment has been increased during this period; no person holding office under
the authority of the United States shall be a member of one of the two Chambers
while in office.
Section 7. All bills imposing taxes shall be drawn from the House of
Representatives; but the Senate may propose or accept amendments to it, as in
other bills. Any bill adopted by the House of Representatives and by the Senate
shall, before acquiring the force of law, be submitted to the President of the
United States. If he approves of it, he will sign it; otherwise he will return
it, with his objections, to the House of which he is in charge, which will
insert the objections in extenso in his procès-verbal and proceed to a fresh
examination of the bill. If, after this new examination, the bill reunites in
its favor the votes of two-thirds of the members of this House, it shall be
transmitted, with the objections which accompanied it, to the other House,
which It will also be reconsidered, and if two-thirds of its members approve
it, it will be in force. In such a case, the votes of the two Houses shall be
ascertained by yes and no, and the names of the members voting for and against
the bill shall be entered in the minutes of each House respectively. Any
project not returned by the President within ten days (not including Sunday)
following its submission, will become law as if the President had signed it,
<unless Congress has, by his adjournment rendered return impossible; in which
case the project will not become law. All orders, resolutions or votes, for the
adoption of which the agreement of the Senate and the House of Representatives
may be necessary (except in the case of postponement), shall be considered To
the President of the United States, and, before becoming binding, approved by
him, or, in the event of disagreement on his part, again adopted by two-thirds
of the United States. and the House of Representatives, in accordance with the
rules and under the reservations prescribed for bills. Section 8. The Congress
shall have the power: To levy and collect taxes, duties, taxes and excise, to
pay debts and to provide for the common defense and the general prosperity of
... United States; but these rights, taxes and excise will be uniform
throughout the United States; To borrow money on the credit of the United
States; To regulate commerce with foreign nations, between the various states,
and with the Indian tribes; To establish a uniform rule of naturalization and
uniform laws concerning bankruptcies applicable throughout the United States;
To coin money, to determine its value and that of foreign currency, and to fix
the heel of weights and measures; To ensure the counterfeiting of the effects
and currency in the United States; To establish offices and post routes; To
promote the progress of science and useful arts by ensuring, for a limited
time, authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings
and discoveries; To establish lower courts in the Supreme Court; To define and
punish piracy and crimes committed on the high seas and attacks on the law of
nations; To declare war, to grant letters of marque and reprisals, and to make
regulations concerning catches on land and at sea; To raise and maintain armed
forces, subject to the condition that no appropriation of credits for that
purpose shall extend beyond two years; To create and maintain a navy; To
establish regulations for the command and discipline of the land and sea
forces; To provide for the mobilization of the militia to ensure the execution
of the laws of the Union, to suppress insurrections and to repel invasions;
To provide for the organization, arming and discipline of the militia, and for
the command of any part of it to be employed in the service of the United
States, by reserving to the States respectively the appointment of officers and
the authority necessary to instruct the militia according to the rules of
discipline prescribed by Congress; To exercise the exclusive right of the
legislation, in any matter, over such district (of an area not exceeding 10
nautical miles) which, by assignment of particular States and upon acceptance
of the Congress, will become the seat of the United States Government and
exercise such authority over all places acquired, with the consent of the
Legislature of the State in which they will be located for the maintenance of
forts, docks, arsenals, shipyards and other necessary constructions; And to
make all laws that are neces- sary and appropriate for carrying out the
above-mentioned powers and all other powers conferred by this Constitution on
the United States Government or the United States. <Any of its departments or
officials. Section 9. The immigration or importation of such persons as any of
the existing States may deem appropriate to admit shall not be prohibited by
Congress until the year eighteen hundred and eighty-eight but an amount or duty
not exceeding $ 10 per ton may be levied on such importation. The privilege of
the habeas corpus ordinance can not be suspended, except in cases of recurrence
or invasion, where public security may require it. No confiscation order, or
any retroactive law will be promulgated. No capitation or other direct taxes
shall be levied except in proportion to the census or the above-mentioned
order. Neither taxes nor duties shall be levied on articles exported from any
State. No preference shall be accorded by commercial or fiscal regulations to
the ports of one State over those of another; and no ship to or from one State
shall be subject to any formality, entry, exit or customs charge in another. No
money will be taken out of the Treasury, except under appropriations of credits
stipulated by the law; a regular statement and account of all receipts and
expenditures of public money will be published from time to time. No title of
nobility will be conferred by the United States, and no one who will hold a
charge of profit or trust to them will, without the consent of the Congress,
accept any of them. " moluments, charges, or titles of any kind, of a king,
prince, or foreign State. Section 10. No State may be part of a treaty,
alliance or Confederation; to grant letters of marque and reprisals; coin
money; "To put paper money, to give legal credit, for the payment of debts,
anything but gold or silver; to promulgate any confiscation order, any law that
is retroactive or that would undermine obligations resulting from contracts;
nor to confess titles of nobility. No State shall, without the consent of
Congress, levy taxes or duties on imports or exports other than those
absolutely necessary for the performance of its inspection laws, and net
proceeds of all duties or taxes levied by a State on imports or exports shall
be affected by the use of the United States Treasury; and all these laws will
be subject to review or congressional scrutiny. No State may, without the
consent of Congress, raise tonnage dues, maintain troops or warships in time of
peace, conclude agreements or pacts with another State or a power trang nor
enter the war, unless it is indeed invaded or in danger of imminent danger to
permit the slightest delay.
ARTICLE II Section 1. Executive power shall be conferred upon a President of the
United States of America. He shall remain in office for a period of four years
and shall be, as shall the Vice-Chairman chosen for the same purpose, read as
follows: Each State shall appoint, in the manner prescribed by its legislature,
a number of "readers" equal to the total number of senators and representatives
to which it is entitled to the Congress, but no senator or representative, nor
any person ... a trust or profit charge, can not be named "" reader. The
readers will meet in their respective States and vote by ballot for two
persons, at least one of whom will not live in the same state as themselves.
They will draw up a list of all the people who will have received votes and the
number of votes cast by each of them. They will sign this list, certify it and
forward it, sealed, at the seat of the Government of the United States, to the
address of the President of the Senate. The presidency of the Senate, in the
presence of the Senate and the House of Representatives, will open all the
certified lists, and the votes will then be counted. The person with the
greatest number of votes shall be presided, if that number represents the
majority of all "named readers". If two or more persons have obtained this
majority and a large number of votes, the House of Representatives, by ballot,
shall immediately choose one of them as President. If no person has obtained
the necessary majority, the House of Representatives will then choose the
President, in accordance with the same procedure, from among the five persons
who obtained the largest number of votes. But, for the choice of the President,
the votes will be counted by the State, the representation of each State having
one vote. The quorum necessary for this purpose shall be constituted by the
presence of one or more representatives of two-thirds of the States, and the
accession of the majority of all States shall be acquired for the validity of
the choice. In any case, after the election of the President, the person who
has obtained the greatest number of votes from the readers will be
vice-president. But if there are two or more persons with the same number of
votes, the Senate will choose the vice-president from among its members by
ballot. Congress will be able to set the time when the readers will be chosen
and the day when they will have to vote on the day as well as the United
States. No one may be elected President if he is not a citizen of birth, or if
he is not a citizen of the United States at the time of the adoption of this
Constitution, if he is thirty-five years old and has been living in the United
States for fourteen years. In the event of dismissal, death or removal from
office of the President, or his inability to exercise the powers and perform
the duties of his office, these shall be delegated to the Vice-President.
Congress may, by statute, provide for the dismissal, death, dismissal or
incapacity of both the President and Vice-President by signing the official who
will then serve as President, and that official shall carry out the said
function until the cessation of incapacity or election of a President. The
President shall receive for his services, fixed salaries, an indemnity which
shall not be increased or diminished during the period for which he has been
read, and he shall not receive during the period this period does not include
any other United States, or any of the states. Before assuming office, the
President shall take an oath or make the following affirmation: 'I solemnly
swear (or affirm) to faithfully perform the duties of President of the United
States and, in the United States, the full extent of my means, to safeguard,
protect and break the United States Constitution. È
Section 2. The President shall be Commander-in-Chief of the United States Army
and Navy, and of the Militia of the United States when called upon to serve
actively in the United States. United. He may require the opinion, in writing,
of the chief official of each of the executive departments on any subject
relating to the duties of his office. It will have the power to grant stays and
grievances for crimes against the United States, except in the case of 1;
impeachment È. He shall have the power, with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to conclude treaties, subject to the approval of two-thirds of the
sisters present. He shall propose to the Senate and, on the advice and consent
of the latter, appoint the ambassadors, the other public ministers and the
consuls, the judges, the Supreme Court, and all other officials of the United
States. United States whose appointment is not provided for in this
Constitution, and whose positions shall be established by law. But Congress
may, when it deems it advisable, confer upon the President alone, the courts or
the heads of the departments, the appointment of certain lower officials. The
President shall have the power to provide for any holidays that may occur
between sessions of the Senate by granting commissions which shall expire at
the end of the next session. Section 3. The President shall inform Congress
from time to time of the state of the Union and shall recommend to his
attention such measures as he may deem necessary and expedient. He may, in
extraordinary circumstances, convene one or the other of the Houses, or both,
and in case of disagreement between them on the date of their adjournment, he
may postpone them so long as he will judge fit. He will receive ambassadors and
other public ministers. He will ensure that the laws are faithfully executed,
and will commission all United States officials. Section 4. The President, the
Vice-President and all civil servants of the United States shall be removed
from office on indictment and conviction for treason, corruption or other
crimes and major causes. ARTICLE III Section 1. The United States judicial
power shall be conferred on a Supreme Court and on such lower courts as may be
ordered by Congress from time to time. The judges of the Supreme Court and the
lower courts shall retain their office for as long as they are worthy of it,
and shall receive a fixed indemnity, which shall not be diminished so long as
they remain in office. in functions. Section 2. The Judiciary shall extend to
all cases of law and of jurisdiction which are subject to this Constitution, to
the laws of the United States, to treaties concluded or to come into force
<Being under their authority "; <All cases concerning ambassadors, other public
ministers and consuls; <All cases falling within the jurisdiction of the
Amiraute "and the maritime jurisdiction; to the disputes to which the United
States will be party; to disputes between two or more States, between one State
and the citizens of another, between citizens of different States, between
citizens of a State claiming land under concessions of other ... States,
between a ... State or its citizens and ... States, citizens or foreign
subjects. In all cases concerning ambassadors, other public ministers and
consuls, and those to whom a State will be a party, the Supreme Court shall
have first instance jurisdiction over the date of their adjournment, it shall
have jurisdiction. appeal, and for the law and for the fact, save for such
exceptions and in accordance with such regulations as the Congress has
established.
All crimes, except in cases of impeachment, will be judged by a jury. The trial
will take place in the State where the said crimes will have been committed,
and, when they have not been committed, in any such place or manner as the
Congress has determined. law. Section 3. The crime of treason against the
United States will consist only of the act of making war against them, or of
siding with their enemies by giving them help and help. No one shall be
convicted of treason, except on the position of two less of the same manifest
act, or on his own admission in open court. The Congress will have the power to
fix the penalty for treason, but no condemnation on this account will result in
either civil death or confiscation of property except during the life of the
convicted person ". ARTICLE IV Section 1. Full faith and faith shall be
accorded in each State to public acts, minutes and judicial minutes of all
other States. And the Congress may, by general laws, prescribe the manner in
which the validity of these acts, minutes and minutes will be established, as
well as their effects. Section 2. The citizens of each state shall be entitled
to all the privileges and immunities of citizens in the various states. Anyone
who is accused, in a state of treason, felony or other crime, of having escaped
justice by flight and will be found in another State, shall, on the request of
the "ex-cutiv e" authority of the State from which it has fled, to be delivered
to be brought back to the State having jurisdiction over the crime. A person
who, under any existing law or service, is in another state, will not be
released from that service or work under any law or practice. This will be
delivered on the claim of the party in which the service or work may be
performed. Section 3. New States may be admitted by Congress into the Union;
but no new ... state will be formed "or" rig "in the subject territory <the
jurisdiction of another ... state, nor any ... state form. by the junction of
two or more States, or parts of it, without the consent of the legislatures of
the States concerned, as well as of the Congress. The Congress will have the
power to dispose of the territory or any other property belonging to the United
States, and to make all their laws and regulations necessary; and nothing in
this Constitution shall be construed to prejudice the claims of the United
States or a particular State. Section 4. The United States shall guarantee each
State of the Union a form of government, shall protect each of them against
invasion and, at the request of the legislature or the ex-executive (when the
legislature can not be united) against any internal violence. ARTICLE V The
Congress, when two-thirds of the two Houses deem it necessary, shall propose
amendments to this Constitution or, at the request of the two-thirds of the
legislatures, shall convene a Convention for to propose; in either case, these
amendments shall be valid "in all respects as an integral part of this
Constitution when they have been ratified by the three-fourths of the
legislatures". States, or by conventions in three quarters of them, according
to whether one or the other mode of ratification will have been proposed by the
Congress. Subject that no amendment to be adopted "before the year
Eight hundred and eighty-eight can in no way affect the first and the fourth
clause of the ninth section of Article I, and that no State, without its
consent, should be deprived of it. of the "equality" of suffrage in Senegal.
ARTICLE VI All debts and commitments entered into before the adoption of this
Constitution shall be valid as against the United States under this
Constitution as they were in the United States. the framework of the Conf
deration. The present Constitution, as well as the laws of the United States
which will flow from it, and all treaties concluded, or which will be
concluded, under the authority of the United States, shall be the supreme law
of the country; and the judges in each state shall be bound by the foregoing,
notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Constitution or the laws of any
of the States. The above-mentioned senators and representatives, members of the
various state legislatures and all executive and judicial officials, both of
the United States and of the various states, shall be held by oath or
affirmation to defend this Constitution; but no profession of religious faith
will be required as a condition of fitness for public office or office under
the authority of the United States. ARTICLE VII Ratification of the conventions
of nine States shall be sufficient for the establishment of this Constitution
between the States which have so ratified it. AMENDMENTS ARTICLE 1 The Congress
shall make no law which affects the establishment or prohibition of the free
exercise of a religion, or which restricts the freedom of speech or the press,
or the right of the people to to assemble peacefully and to send petitions to
the government for the compensation of the wrongs which he has complained of.
ARTICLE II A well-organized militia, so necessary for the security of a free
State, the right of the people to detain and carry arms shall not be
transgressed. ARTICLE III No soldier shall, in time of peace, be lodged in a
house without the consent of the owner, or in time of war, except in the manner
prescribed by law. ARTICLE IV The right of citizens to be guaranteed in their
person, domicile, papers and effects, against searches and seizures not
motivated will not be violated, and no warrant will be delivered, unless is on
the presumption, corroborated by
oath or affirmation, or without particular deviation from the place <search and
persons or things <seize. ARTICLE V No one shall be held liable for a capital
or infamous crime without an indictment, spontaneous or provocative, of a Grand
Jury, except in the case of crimes committed while the Accused was serving. in
land or naval forces, or in the militia, in time of war or public danger; no
one will be able to be twice threatened in his life or in his body; no one may,
in a criminal case, be compelled to testify on his own behalf, or be deprived
of his life, liberty or possessions without due process of law. "Guli're; no
private property "may be re quired in the public interest without fair
compensation". ARTICLE VI In all criminal proceedings, the Accused "shall have
the right to be tried promptly and publicly by an impartial jury of the State
and District where the crime will have been committed" - the district having
"t" to be limited by law - to be informed of the nature and cause of the
charge, to be confronted with the least charge, to the legal means of the
appearance of the least charge, and of being assisted by counsel for his
defense. ARTICLE VII In common law proceedings where the value in dispute
exceeds twenty dollars, the right to judgment by a jury will be observed, and
no fact judged by a jury will be examined again in a court of law. ... the
United States only according to the rules of common law. ARTICLE VIII Excessive
bail will not be required, neither excessive fines imposed nor cruel and
exceptional damages inflicted. ARTICLE IX The enumeration of certain rights in
the Constitution can not be interpreted as denying or restricting other rights
retained by the people. ARTICLE X The powers which are not delegated to the
United States by the Constitution, nor denied by it to the States, are retained
by the States respectively or by the people. [The first ten amendments, which
constitute the Declaration of Rights, were adopted in 1791.] ARTICLE XI
The United States judicial power will not be interpreted as "a legal or" fair
trial "initiated or prosecuted against any of the United States by citizens of
the United States. another, or by citizens or subjects of a foreign state.
[1798] ARTICLE XII "The readers shall meet in their respective States and vote
by ballot for the President and Vice-President, at least one of whom shall not
reside in the State. they. They will indicate on separate ballots the name of
the person whom they wish to read the President and of the person whom they
wish to read Vice-President. They will draw up separate lists of all persons
who have obtained votes for the Presidency, of all those who have obtained
votes for the office of the Vice-President, and of the number of votes
collected by each of them. They will sign these lists, certify them and
transmit them, sealed, to the headquarters of the United States Government, to
the address of the President of the Senate. The latter, in the presence of the
Senate and the House of Representatives, will open all the certified lists, and
the votes will then be counted. The person with the greatest number of votes
for the presidency shall be President, if that number represents the majority
of all "named readers". If none has obtained the necessary majority, the House
of Representatives shall immediately choose the President, by ballot, from
among the three persons at most who shall have received the greatest number of
votes. But, for the choice of the president, the voices will be collected by
the state, the representation of each having a voice. The quorum necessary for
this purpose shall be constituted by the presence of one or more
representatives of two-thirds of the States, and the accession of the majority
of all States shall be acquired for the validity of the choice. If the House of
Representatives, when the right to choose lies with it, does not choose the
President before the fourth day of March following, the Vice-President shall
act as President of the House of Representatives. in case of death or other
constitutional incapacity of the President. The person who will receive the
greatest number of votes for the Vice-Presidency shall be Vice-President if
that number represents the majority of all "named readers"; if none has
obtained the necessary majority, the Senate will then choose the Vice-President
between the two persons on the list who will have the greatest number of votes.
The necessary quorum 24; this effect will be constituted "by the presence of
two-thirds of the total number of senators, and the accession of the majority
of all the senators will have to be acquired for the validity of the choice.
But no person eligible under the Constitution for the office of President can
be read as Vice-President of the United States. [1804] ARTICLE XIII Section 1.
Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for a crime
of which the guilty party has been duly convinced, shall exist in the United
States or in any of the places submitted their jurisdiction. Section 2. The
Congress shall have the power to give effect to this article by appropriate
legislation. [1865] ARTICLE XIV Section 1. Every person born or naturalized in
the United States, and subject to their jurisdiction, is a citizen of the
United States and of the state in which he resides. No State shall make or
apply laws which restrict the privileges or immunities of the citizens of the
United States; will not deprive a person of his life, his
freedom or property without due process of law; nor will it deny anyone who has
jurisdiction over the protection of the laws. Section 2. Representatives shall
be distributed among the various States in proportion to their respective
populations, calculated by counting all the inhabitants of each State,
excluding the non-taxed Indians. But when the right to vote <the election of
"readers of the President and Vice-President of the United States,
Congressional Representatives, Executive and Judicial Officers of the United
States, a state or members of its legislature, shall be "of the inhabitants of
that state, of twenty-one years of age, and citizens of the United States, or
restricted by any means whatever except in the case of participation in a war
or other crime, the basis of the representation for the said State shall be
reduced in proportion to the number of citizens And the total number of
citizens of the age of twenty-one in this state. Section 3. No one shall be a
senator or representative to the Congress, or the reader of the President and
Vice-President, nor will he hold any civil or military office in the United
States Government or in the United States. any one of the following persons
who, after being sworn in, as a member of Congress, or a United States
official, or a member of the Legislature of the State, or an official
Executively or judicially of a State, to defend the United States Constitution,
will have taken part in an insurrection or rebellion against them, or given
help or assistance to their enemies. But Congress can, by a two-thirds vote of
each House, remove this incapacity. Section 4. The validity of the United
States' public debt, authorized by law, including commitments to pay pensions
and bonuses for services rendered during the suppression of insurrections or
rebellions, will not be questioned. But neither the United States nor any State
will assume or pay any debt or obligation contracted for assistance,
insurrection or rebellion against the United States, or any claim for loss. or
the "emancipation of slaves, and all debts, obligations and claims of this
nature shall be regarded as illegal and void. Section 5. Congress shall have
the power to give effect to the provisions of this article by appropriate
legislation. [1868] ARTICLE XV Section 1. The right of United States citizens
to vote shall not be "limited" by the United States, or by any State, for
reasons of race, color, or of previous condition of servitude. Section 2. The
Congress shall have the power to give effect to this article by appropriate
legislation. [1870] ARTICLE XVI The Congress shall have the power to establish
and collect taxes on revenues, from whatever source they may derive, without
partition among the various states, and without no census or number. [1913]
ARTICLE XVII Section 1. The Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two senators for each State, read for six years by the people of that State;
and each senator will be entitled to one vote. The readers of each State will
have to fulfill the conditions required to be the reader of the largest
legislative assembly in the State.
Section 2. When a holiday occurs in the representation of a State in the Senate,
the executive authority of that State shall convene the readers to provide for
the reservation that, in each ... On the other hand, the Legislature can give
the Executive the power to make temporary appointments until the people have
provided for the holidays by elections which the legislature may order. Section
3. The present amendment shall not be interpreted as affecting the election or
duration of the term of office of any chosen sinner before the amendment has
acquired executive force and is an integral part of it. of the Constitution.
[1913] ARTICLE XVIII Section 1. The manufacture, sale or transport of alcoholic
beverages within the United States shall be prohibited one year after the
ratification of this article. and any territory subject to jurisdiction, and
the importation of such beverages into or from these territories. Section 2.
Congress and the various States shall concurrently have the power to give
effect to this article by appropriate legislation. Section 3. This article
shall be inopportune if it is not ratified as an amendment to the Constitution
by the legislatures of the various States, in the manner provided for in the
Constitution, in the seven years which will be the date of its presentation to
the States by the Congress. [1919] ARTICLE XIX The right to vote of United
States citizens shall not be restricted or restricted by reason of sex by the
United States or any of the States. Congress will have the power to give effect
to this article by appropriate legislation. [1920] ARTICLE XX Section 1. The
terms of office of the President and the Vice-President shall expire at midday
on the twentieth day of January and the terms of the senators and
representatives at midday. the third day of January of the years in which those
warrants expired "if this article had not been ratified"; and the terms of
their successors will begin from that moment. Section 2. Congress shall
assemble at least once a year, and the meeting shall be held at noon on the
third day of January, unless, by law, it fixes a different day. rent. Section
3. If, on the date fixed for the taking up of the President, the
President-in-Office is elected, the Vice-President read will become President .
If a chairman has not been chosen before the date fixed for the beginning of
his term of office, or if the Chairman read does not meet the conditions
required, the Vice-Chairman read then act as President until a President
fulfills the required conditions; and Congress may, by law, provide for the
incapacity of both the President and the Vice-President by signing the person
who shall then act as President. or the manner of choosing it, and that person
shall act in that capacity until a chairman or vice-chairman qualifies. Section
4. The Congress shall provide by law for the case of the death of one of the
persons from whom the House of Representatives may choose a President when the
right to choose is incumbent upon him, and in the event of of one of the
persons from whom the Senate may choose a Vice-President when the right to
choose is incumbent upon him.
Section 5. Sections 1 and 2 shall come into force on the fifteenth day of
October following the ratification of this article. Section 6. The present
article shall be inoperative if it is not ratified by the Legislatures of
three-fourths of the various States within the seven years following the date
of its amendment. submission. [1 933] ARTICLE XXI Section 1. The Eighteenth
Amendment <the Constitution is repealed. Section 2. The transport or
importation into any State, territory or possession of the United States of
alcoholic beverages intended to be delivered or consumed in violation of the
laws therein, is prohibited . Section 3. The present article shall be
inopportune if it is not ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by the
various States assembled in agreement as provided for in the Constitution, in
the seven years from the date of its submission to the States by the Congress.
[1933] ARTICLE XXII Section 1. No person shall be elected more than twice, and
any person who has served as President or acted as President for more than two
years a mandate for which some other person was appointed chairman, may not be
elected more than once. But this article will not apply to anyone who fulfills
the function of president at the time this article was "proposed" by the
Congress, and it will not prevent anyone who can fulfill the function of
president. to serve, or act as Chair, during the term of office in which this
Article becomes binding, to serve as Chair or to act as Chair during the
remainder of this term. Section 2. The present article shall take effect only
upon its ratification as an amendment to the Constitution by the Legislatures
of three quarters of the different States within a period of seven years from
the date of its adoption. To the Congress by the States. [1951] ARTICLE XXIII
Section 1. The district in which the seat of the Government of the United
States is located shall sign in accordance with such procedure as the Congress
may determine a number of the President and Vice-President "equivalent to the
total number of senators and representatives to the Congress to which that
district would be entitled if he had been constituted in the State; this number
can not in any case be reduced to the number of readers who are signed by the
least populous state of the Union; these "readers will join those designated by
the States and they will be considered, for the purposes of the election of the
President and Vice-President ident, as being By a ... tat; they shall meet on
the territory of the district and fulfill the duties specified in the Twelfth
Amendment. Section 2. Congress shall have the power to give effect to the
provisions of this article by appropriate legislation. [1961] ARTICLE XXIV
Section 1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote "any" primary
election or other election of the President and Vice-President, of the great
readers of the President
and the Vice-President, or the Sisters and Representatives at the Congress,
shall not be restricted or restricted by the United States or by any State, for
reasons of non- payment of the election tax or any other tax. Section 2.
Congress shall have the power to give effect to the provisions of this article
by appropriate legislation. [1964] ARTICLE XXV Section 1. In the event of
removal, suspension or mission of the President, the Vice-President shall
become President. Section 2. In the event of the vacancy of the office of
Vice-President, the President shall appoint a Vice-President who shall take
office if his appointment has been approved by a majority vote of both.
Congress Chambers; Section 3. If the President sends to the President pro
tempore of the Senate and to the President of the House of Representatives a
statement in which he is made aware of his incapacity to exercise the powers
and to fulfill the duties of his office, and until such time as he informs them
in writing of the contrary, these powers shall be exercised and these duties
shall be fulfilled by the Vice-President in his capacity as President of the
Council. "rim. Section 4. If the Vice-President, together with a majority of
the principal officials of the Executive Departments or other body designated
by a law promulgated by the Congress, send to the President of the House of
Representatives and to the President of the House of Representatives a
declaration that he has been informed that the President is unable to exercise
the powers and the duties of his office, the Vice-President will immediately
assume those functions as President-in-Charge. Subsequently, if the President
sends the President pro tempore of the Senate and the President of the House of
Representatives a declaration "informs them that no incapacity" exists. he will
resume his duties, <less than the Vice-President and a majority of the
principal officials of the Executive Departments or of such other body "by a
law promulgated by the Congress. Within four days, send to the President pro
tempore of the Senate and the President of the House of Representatives a
written declaration affirming that the President is unable to exercise the
powers and to fulfill the duties of his office. Congress will then have to make
a decision; if he does not sit, he will meet for this purpose within a period
of 48 hours. If, within 21 days of receipt by Congrs of this final declaration,
or within 21 days after the date of the Congress meeting, if the Congress 's
not in session, the latter decides by a two-thirds vote of the two Houses that
the President is unable to exercise the powers and fulfill the duties of his
office, the Vice-President will continue to perform these functions as the
President-in-Office; if not, the chairman shall resume the exercise of those
functions. [1967] ARTICLE XXVI Section 1. The right of citizens of the United
States of America> 18 years of age and over to vote shall not be restricted or
restricted by reason of age or by the ... the United States or any of the
states. Section 2. The Congress shall have the power to give effect to this
article by appropriate legislation. [1971] ARTICLE XXVII
No law amending the services of Senators and Representatives shall come into
force until an election of the Representatives has taken place.
